fix some doc typos (#59)
hermeznetwork/docs: docs/developers/protocol/consensus/consensus.md

# Forging Consensus Protocol

Hermez will run an auction to incentivize the efficiency of coordinators, meaning that they need to be very effective and include as many transactions as they can in the slots in order to compensate for their bidding costs, gas costs and operations costs.

> The general purpose of this protocol is to describe the rules to coordinate this auction where the bids will be placed only in HEZ utility token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general purpose of this protocol is to describe the rules to coordinate the auction where the bids will be placed only in HEZ utility token.
```

## General Goals

- Select a single coordinator for a given slot to forge a batch
- Avoid stops of ZK-Rollup

> - Incentivize coordinators to participate in ZK-Rollup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incentivize coordinators to participate in the ZK-Rollup
```

Auction will be closed **2 slots** (system parameter) before the start time of the forging in the slot.

> A bid will not pay the premium on top of the previous bid, but a bid placed in the auction should be at least **1.1 times** (system parameter) the previous bid or over the minimal bidding price (if it's the first one) in order to be accepted as valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bid will not pay a premium on top of the previous bid, but a bid placed in the auction should be at least **1.1 times** (system parameter) the previous bid or over the minimum bidding price (if it's the first one) to be accepted as valid.
```

> Auction will be structured in series of 6 slots `slots[5]`, with **10 HEZ** as initial minimal bidding price for all the slots. The governance can change this value `slots[i]` independently at any time and **affecting open auctions**, in such a way that all the slots whose `slot % 6 = i` will have the same minimum bid. Bids under the new minimal bidding price will not be considered as valid bids anymore and bidders (if no new bids outbid theirs) will be sent back their HEZ at the event of the slot is fully processed (forge).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auction will be structured in series of 6 slots `slots[5]`, with **10 HEZ** as initial minimal bidding price for all the slots. The governance can change this value `slots[i]` independently at any time and **affecting open auctions**, in such a way that all the slots whose `slot % 6 = i` will have the same minimum bid. Bids under the new minimal bidding price will not be considered as valid bids anymore and bidders (if no new bids outbid theirs) will be sent back their HEZ in the event that the slot is fully processed (forge).
```

Once the slot is forged, the tokens are assigned to **three** different accounts:

- A part of the tokens will be **burnt**. So they will not be at 0x0 address, but reduced from the total token amount.
- A part will be assigned to the **donations account**. Governance process will decide how to allocate these funds into different projects.
- The rest will be allocated as Hermez Network usage incentives, compensating active engagement and network adoption, e.g. rewarding transaction and rewarding the holding of specific tokens in Hermez L2 addresses, instead of on L1 Ethereum addresses.

## Boot Coordinator

> This element has the mission to support the network bootstrap and at some moment will disappear if the network gets traction. This event of the boot coordinator disappearing will be a governance decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This element has the mission to support the network bootstrap and at some moment will disappear when the network gains traction. Removal of the boot coordinator will be a governance decision.
```

> Basically, its role is to forge any slot where there are no winner in the auction without the need to make a bid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basically, its role is to forge any slot where there is no winner in the auction without the need to make a bid.
```
